with his flowing locks and unruly beard
Martin Castro Jiabao is without doubt
one of the most recognizable figures in
world rugby a crowd favorite with both
Italy and Leicester he was born in
Argentina and didn't take up rugby until
his late teens much to the annoyance of
one particular member of his family here
to go Vasquez nominally piacere if
that's your opinion I used to play
basketball because my mom didn't like
rugby at all
I tried to play she just wouldn't let me
I was young I didn't think much I still
don't think much but I decided at the
end of one particular basketball game I
had to make it my last so I stood in
front of the referee he looked at me and
I pushed him and he fell over I am it
was an excuse to get out of basketball
and play rugby I think it was the first
time that her mother was wrong and the
son was right in Fiji asleep with his
evident talent for the game it soon
became clear that there was a living to
be made from it a sudden addition is
good I went a it was a really difficult
decision to make with my family what
with me being so young but I had a dream
and my dream was to play rugby to become
someone at the time rugby wasn't easy
now Jen Tina
it wasn't professional so I decided to
follow this path and played for cows
Lozano for five years but a mayor
goodness quite a ceremony then for me it
was incredible that a team like Lester
wanted me to join them so it took less
than a minute to make the decision but
they don't of course I'm on tour
although it was really difficult moving
from an Italian team to an English team
I've never thought I made a mistake
having suffered his share of injuries
over the years the 34 year old realized
the need to prepare for a life after
rugby Maurice Toronto Gilberto and I
opened my first restaurant in Leicester
I realized that would be wasn't the only
thing in life and after rugby there were
other things the day after tomorrow
what we will end and I'll have to go on
7th a course of well no no I then came
up with the idea to open a second
with Jordan Murphy he doesn't know
anything about the Irish restaurant
industry the only thing he understands
his crisps and Ginny's good teaching him
something every month for his future
because he's getting on now and soon
you'll be seeing him work here and a
number of dishes on the menu were named
after some of Castro's team mates to
commence at the quarry there there there
we'd asked them if we could use their
names and fortunately they said yes and
then Manuel it's fun to see them on the
menu yes possible salad and some dishes
reflect the plays they're named after
there they seem practical they're in a
sauce Tommy wardroom for example the
Thomas Waldron Pizza quite came that's a
pizza for larger people full of
different things inside them cycle unity
that one seems entirely appropriate
Adisa questo cuesta normally ravenel
early
born in Argentina but with Italian
grandparents castro giovanni could have
played for either and with the tumors
now proving among the best in the world
does he have any regrets about his
decision no man on apprentice collison
predatory Schneider the Graduate notes
I've always said I think that I'm here
today thanks to Italy
everything that Italy has given me but
it wasn't an easy decision at all I come
from Argentina but I had an awkward
decision to make Argentina had asked me
to play for their under-21s
and Italy asked me to play for the
national team and I asked both is enough
unions to give me time to think
I spoke to my parents my friends and I
made the decision widget at that time I
thought was the best Italian content or
a sacrament there I was happy in Italy
especially playing in three World Cups
but maybe if I had played with Argentina
I wouldn't have achieved that for I've
always said that Italy has given me so
much the boy said I called on all I
carry Argentina in my heart but Italy
has made me the person I am today
what I am in rugby America certainly
thanks to eat chilli was an orgy equal
of a sudden arrival a garage the
sacramental Italian